Stop what you are doing right now.
Seriously, pause everything because what
I am about to show you in the next few
minutes is the exact thing thousands of
creators have been desperately searching
for and most of them are still paying
for it every single month without
knowing this exists. I have been reading
every single comment on my last video.
My inbox has been absolutely buried and
the one question that kept coming up
over and over again from beginners, from
professionals, from people who have been
making AI videos for years was the same
thing every single time. How do I
generate a full 15-second cinematic AI
video using SeaArt 2.0 completely for
free? Not 5 seconds, not 8 seconds, the
full 15 for free, unlimited. Today, that
question gets answered. [music] Let me
show you exactly what the problem looks
like right now. If you want to use the
SeaArt 2.0 model with zero restrictions
and generate those full [music]
15-second cinematic clips the way
they're meant to be generated, the most
prominent platform built around it is
And Higgs Field is genuinely powerful.
The model quality is real, the cinematic
output is stunning, and yes, SeaArt 2.0
runs beautifully inside it. But here is
the wall they put in front of you. To
get enough credits to comfortably
generate high-quality 15-second videos
on a regular basis, you're looking at
around $125 a month on their
subscription every single month, $125
just to use a model that I am about to
give you access to for absolutely
nothing. That is the trap most creators
are sitting inside right now and they
don't even realize it. But I need you to
hear this next part very carefully. If
you are watching this video within the
first day or two of it going live, you
are in a seriously lucky position right
now. The bypass method I am showing you
today is live and working at this exact
moment, but I have no way of knowing how
long that window stays open. The
developers watch these videos. They
monitor usage patterns. This loophole
could be patched by tomorrow morning. It
could be gone in hours. So, do not skip
ahead, do not pause and come back later.
Watch every single step right now,
absorb it, and go execute it the moment
this video ends. Your window is real,
but it is not guaranteed to stay open.
Now, I want to give you something
valuable in the middle of this because
it genuinely fits [music] the workflow I
am about to show you and it has actually
saved me a massive amount of time this
year. I want to talk to you about
Pickleman AI and yes, [music] this
portion of the video is sponsored by
them, but I am only talking about them
because I was already using this before
they ever reached out. Pickleman is a
complete all-in-one AI studio [music]
and once you see what it does, you will
understand why I keep coming back to it.
Think about how many tabs you have open
right now [music] just to manage
different AI video tools. One tab for
this model, another tab for that
generator, another dashboard for
something else entirely. Pickleman kills
all of that. Inside one single
dashboard, you get SeaArt 2.0, OpenAI,
Google, HeyGen AI, Wond AI, and Kling
3.0 with full motion control. Everything
in one place. You paste your prompt, you
select your model, you hit generate, and
a flawless cinematic video [music] comes
back to you without ever switching tabs.
They use a Lumens credit system. Paid
users get fast lane generation, but even
on the free tier, you get a daily Lumens
allowance that keeps you creating every
single day. For creators who are serious
about building AI video content
consistently, Pickleman is the most
efficient setup I have personally used.
The link is right down in the
description. Go bookmark it after this
video. All right, back to the main
event. Here is the unlimited trick step
by step. Open your browser and go to
Roboneo AI. This is the platform housing
the SeaArt 2.0 model we are unlocking
today. Click login in the top right
corner. When the menu appears, do not
touch the Google or Apple sign-in
buttons. Click continue with email. Then
tap the small text at the bottom that
says register now. Before you fill
anything in, grab your phone. Open the
Google Play Store, find the exact app
you are seeing on your screen right now,
download it, and open it. At the top,
tap the plus icon with new underneath
it. A default domain appears. Tap on it.
A long list of email domains drops down.
Scroll slowly until you find a cluster
of domains ending in .pl. Find the one
that starts with the letter A, has a few
characters in the middle, and ends in
.pl. Select that one. If that specific
domain is not working today, just pick
another from the same list. One of them
will always work, but start with the
a.pl option every time. Give it any
random username, tap the check mark, and
copy your new temporary email. Paste it
into the Roboneo registration form,
create a strong password, and hit
register. A sliding puzzle appears.
Solve it. Roboneo immediately fires a
verification code to your inbox. Jump
back to your phone app, hit refresh,
open the email, grab the code, enter it
in your browser, and hit next. Your
first account is live. The second your
account activates, a pop-up shows your
personal referral code. Copy it
immediately. Check your profile, you
have 70 carrots, which is their credit
currency. That is not enough for a full
15-second video. Here's how we fix it.
Click the three dots at the top of your
browser and open a brand new incognito
window. Go to Roboneo again. Run the
exact same registration process. New
temp email from your app, new password,
new puzzle, new verification code.
Second account is now live with 70
credits and its own unique referral
code. Now, execute the swap. Copy the
referral code from your incognito
account. Go to your main window, find
redeem invitation code on the left menu,
paste it, and confirm. Your main account
gains 50 bonus credits instantly. Your
incognito account also gains 50 just for
being used. Now, reverse it. Copy your
main account's referral code, go to the
incognito window, redeem it there, and
confirm. Another 50 lands on both sides.
Both accounts are now loaded with well
over 120 credits each. You can run this
loop as many times as you want and build
a credit stockpile that never runs out.
Now, generate your video. Click new
project on the left side of the
dashboard. Select workflow on the far
right. When the workspace opens, delete
every default node on screen. Wipe it
completely clean. Click the plus icon,
scroll to video generation, and select
[music] text to video. Drag the new node
to the center. SeaArt 2.0 is already
your default model. Set the duration
drop-down to 15 seconds, strictly 15.
Keep resolution at 720p, set your aspect
ratio, 16 by 9 for YouTube, 9 by 16 for
shorts. Type your prompt in the left
side text box. Keep it clean and
descriptive. No real people, no
copyrighted characters, nothing overly
complex. The system automatically
rejects those. Hit generate and let it
run. When it comes back, look at that
output.
>> [crying]
[music]
>> That's 15 seconds of full cinematic
SeaArt 2.0 quality and it cost you
nothing. Bounce between your two
accounts and keep generating all day
long. You asked for this. You got it.
Now, hit the like button, subscribe to E
Smile AI so the next unlock reaches you
first, and share this immediately with
every creator you know before this
window disappears. Go build your
masterpiece. I'll see you in the next
one.